Let's take a look at the encryption for google.com.
Navigate there in your favorite web browser,
and click the Lock in the far left of the address bar.
We'll look at what encryption is being used,
what TLS version, then we'll look at the certificate.
Note, the following screenshots are from Firefox.
If you're using Chrome or another browser,
the visuals will be different,
but the information will be the same.
The encryption information is highlighted.
Notice we're running AES 128-bit encryption and TLS version 1.3.
Now click on the "View Certificate" button.
Here you can see the issuer of the certificate is Google Trust Services.
You can see the dates,
the certificate is valid.
You can also see the site is using the elliptic curve algorithm,
which is a variation of the Diffie-Hellman algorithm we learned about.
The public key is shown at the bottom.